Song;Voice;Band;Timeline;Lyrics
Seishun Complex;Ikuyo Kita;Kessoku Band;1;I liked dark, cramped spaces, so I'd bury my face deep in my hood My eyes resented the heartless world, but yearned for love I liked being soaked by the rain, because my face looked better clouded over I pretended to be afraid of the storm while waiting for the sky to burst Strum through the light's distortion I want to make thunder roar Drum beyond the pain What can I do? This fierce pounding is out of control Strum in a harmonizing quartet I want to cause a revolution Drum in a lamenting forte What can I do? My savage nature is beyond wild
Distortion!!;Ikuyo Kita;Kessoku Band;2;The tune that plays when my loneliness and the pedal are stepped on Tracks down my cheeks over and over again The pounding of my loneliness Is joined by the rhythm of the snare drum To create a solid pulse Someone, please remove the distortion on my heart And take a look inside me Nobody can get inside my heart But it's the kind of night when I hope someone will Distortion it's Motion Once it starts, there's no stopping it Limits can be overwritten with experience Isn't that right? Distortion is always like that My heart takes off, outpacing my left brain Toward where you are An escort to the next note Distortion on my day-to-day anguish The chord I play when I'm alone at night Is it the same for you? I spent all those days chasing my ideal image Play an F chord with distortion So loud that the needle swings off the scale
Karakara;Ryo Yamada;Kessoku Band;3;I sleep, with big problems weighing down on me Though you can't beat that feeling of being loved, it's true When I awaken from cold dreams, my body feels numb You shine so brightly, it could make me a shadow It's time to take that step Though there's nothing certain about it It carries my childish heart into tomorrow It's time to blast out the thoughts rattling around in my brain And live, to its fullest, a life I've been taking advances on for so long But I also love the days I spend lying around, doing nothing So I know I'm going to go see you Before it all disappears some day
Guitar, Solitude, and the Blue Planet!;Ikuyo Kita;Kessoku Band;4;A sudden evening shower falls And yeah, it figures, I don't have an umbrella... Who cares how the sky's feeling, anyway? When it's time for the seasons to change What are you supposed to wear? Who knows? Spring and fall... yeah, where'd they go? The pressure of information, suffocating A spiral of vertigo Don't know where I am I can hear myself breathing so loud, so loud... So... I can't afford to blow this audition! But why? I can't hear the sounds of the world... I don't want the band to end just yet! It's not enough, not enough, No one knows I'm here I screamed when I couldn't make a scribble of a sound Who am I supposed to show "just who I am" to? So I'm singing just like the fool I am Let's lay it all out to the stars!
Original unnamed song;Ikuyo Kita;Kessoku Band;5;That band's songs sound to me like shrill laughter all around That band's songs are to me like the piercing clang of a railway crossing Don't push me forward There's a train coming I close my eyes There's a halo in the darkness I cover my ears There's a steady beating pulse within Deep in my chest My heart makes my body sway I don't want to hear anything else Nothing but the sounds I'm making
Nani ga Warui;Nijika Ijichi;Kessoku Band;6;What's wrong with not letting my sound die down? What's wrong with being young? Hey, why doesn't it stop? The rhythm that I can't stop keeps reverberating through my body The melody playing in my earphones is the only thing that lets me be who I am The sky is tinged in red But what color is my soul? Tell me where should I go? I've always been searching for something precious (hey!) If everything's going to be lost some day let's engrave it as deep as we can (now!) My most pathetic nights and cackling laughter And days when I couldn't say more than "You know..." (I'm alive now, yeah Springtime of life) What's wrong with not letting my sound die down? What's wrong with being young?
Sick Hack song;Kikuri Hiroi;Sick Hack;7;Up late doing spot-the-difference puzzles Oh, what fun A lost child beckons me to a land of dreams This-a-way, that-a-way Which way is the way? My life's run out of battery But now it's time, let's party I can't tell you how much I admire your philanthropy All of you, all of you... Round and round and round, let's dance Hot and sweaty and close, you swirl around me I've got toast spread thick with lies Would you like to try? There's only one ghost, and it's me
I will never forget;Ikuyo Kita;Kessoku Band;8;We can blame it all on the weather All this awkwardness and exhaustion The sun hides away, pretending not to see A packed train clatters along the track It brushes past a local express I'm gonna search for feelings in a shapeless cloud The test asks, "How was the author feeling here?" What could the right answer possibly be? Breaking through the script of pre-established harmony Everyone talks about the springtime of life And I'm just not cut out for that Yet I know that this moment, which will never come again, is rich with evanescence I will never forget, ever So many times before I die someday... I'll laugh thinking about what it was like I feel like the wind's leaving me behind So I'm desperately clinging on That familiar sound of the bell That dust piled up on the window sill Even the smell of the classroom I will never forget, ever So many times before I die someday... I'll laugh thinking about what it was like
To Become a Constellation;Ikuyo Kita;Kessoku Band;9;The time's almost six The evening star's already out there Walking home, stepping on shadows I'm hoping to blend into the night Lucky you, lucky you Must be nice to have everyone love you No, I've always been alone. If only I could become a constellation with you... On a night of falling stars, I make that moment's wish A sparkling, twinkling, trembling signal up high If only I could become a constellation with you... The kind that people point to in the sky Don't let these lines that link us come undone No matter how brightly I shine We met each other, so far away And because it's our karma, we'll meet again and again In the gaps between the clouds If only I could become a constellation with you... As night falls, I dream that unlikely dream Not quite a full moon But still lighting up the dark I want to become a constellation with you The kind that puts out many-colored light I won't let these lines that link us come undone No matter how brightly you shine